docs: add the copilot instruction (#74)
kubefleet-dev/kubefleet: .github/copilot-instructions.md

# Overview

This repo contains a collection of Kubernetes Custom Resource Definitions and their controllers. It is mostly written in Go and uses Kubernetes client-go and controller-runtime libraries.
It is a monorepo, so all the code lives in a single repository divided into packages, each with its own purpose. 
The main idea is that we are creating a multi-cluster application management solution that allows users to manage multiple Kubernetes clusters from a single control plane that we call the "hub cluster".

## General Rules

- Use @terminal when answering questions about Git.
- If you're waiting for my confirmation ("OK"), proceed without further prompting.

> - Follow the [Uber Go Style Guide](https://github.com/uber-go/guide/blob/master/style.md) if possible.

Reviewer: should we also include these?  
https://go.dev/wiki/Style

checked the uber style, which only includes the [Go Code Review Comments](https://go.dev/wiki/CodeReviewComments)

- Favor using the standard library over third-party libraries.
- Run goimports on save.
- Run golint and go vet to check for errors.
- Use go mod tidy if the dependencies are changed.

## Terminology
- **Fleet**: A conceptual term referring to a collection of clusters.
- **Member Cluster**: A Kubernetes cluster that is part of a fleet.
- **Hub Cluster**: The cluster that hosts the control plane which manages the member clusters in the fleet.
- **Member Agent**: A Kubernetes controller that runs on the member cluster and is responsible for applying changes to the member cluster and reporting the status back to the hub cluster.
- **Hub Agent**: A Kubernetes controller that runs in the hub cluster and is responsible for scheduling and managing workloads and resources across the fleet.

## Repository directory structure

> - The `apis/` folder contains all CRD definitions, written in Golang.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The `apis/` folder contains all Golang structs from which CRDs are built.
```

  - CRDs are grouped by the group name and version they belong to.
- The `charts/` folder contains the helm charts for the member and hub agent.
  - `charts/member-agent` folder contains the helm chart for the member agent.
  - `charts/hub-agent` folder contains the helm chart for the hub agent.
- The `cmd/` folder contains the entry point for the member and hub agent.
  - `cmd/member-agent` The entry point for the member agent.
  - `cmd/hub-agent` The entry point for the hub agent.

> - The `config/` folder contains the actual CRD definitions built from the CRD definitions in the `apis/` folder.

Reviewer 2: nit: CRD definitions = Custom Resource Definition defintions seems redundant

>   - `config/crd/bases` folder contains the CRD definitions for the member and hub agent.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  - `config/crd/bases` folder contains the CRDs for the member and hub agent.
```

- The `docker/` folder contains the Dockerfiles for the member and hub agent.
- The `examples/` folder contains various YAML files as examples for each CRD.
- The `hack/` folder contains various scripts and tools for the project.
- The `pkg/` folder contains the libraries for the member and hub agent.
  - `pkg/authtoken` folder contains the authentication sidecar code which has a provider model.
  - `pkg/controller` folder contains most of the controllers for the member and hub agent.
    - each sub folder is a controller for a specific resource of the same name in most cases.

>   - `pkg/metrics` folder contains all the metrics definitions.

Author: Iooks like the new metrics should be moved here instead of buried deep in util dir. That file should only contain the metrics for our customized controller runtime

>   - `pkg/propertyprovider` folder contains the property provider code which is used to get the properties of a member cluster.

Reviewer 3: Do we want to add the sub folders? Granted all we have at the moment is for azure so may not be necessary.

Author: I guess the copilot should be able to guess by reading the code

  - `pkg/resourcewatcher` folder contains the resource watcher code which is used to watch for changes in the hub cluster.
  - `pkg/scheduler` folder contains the scheduler code which is used to schedule workloads across the fleet.
  - `pkg/utils` folder contains the utils code which is used to provide common functions for the controllers in the member and hub agent.
  - `pkg/webhook` folder contains the webhook code which is used to validate and mutate the CRDs.
- The `test/` folder contains the tests for the member and hub agent.

>   - `test/apis` - The tests for the CRD definitions.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  - `test/apis` - The tests for the CRDs.
 ```

  - `test/upgrade` - The tests for the upgrade tests to test compatibility between versions.
  - `test/e2e` - The end to end tests for the member and hub agent.

>   - `test/integration` - The integration tests for the member and hub agent.

Reviewer 3: Should probably include that this is for v1alpha1. 
```suggestion
  - `test/integration` - The integration tests for the v1alpha1 member and hub agent.
  ```

  - `test/scheduler` - The integration tests for the scheduler.

>   - `test/utils` - The unit tests for the member and hub agent.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - `test/utils` - folder contains the utils code which is used to provide common functions for tests
```

## Testing Rules

- Unit test files should always be called `<go_file>_test.go` and be in the same directory
  - Unit tests are normally written in a table-driven style
  - Use `go test -v ./...` to run all tests under a directory.
  - Run the tests from the packages that are modified and verify they pass.
  - Share the analysis as to why a test is failing and propose a fix.
- Integration test files should be called `<go_file>_integration_test.go` and can be in the same directory or under the `test` directory.
  - Integration tests are normally written in a Ginkgo style.
- E2E tests are all under the test/e2e directory.
  - E2E tests are written in a Ginkgo style.
  - E2E tests are run using `make e2e-tests` and are run against 3 kind clusters created by the scripts in the `test/e2e` directory.
  - E2E tests are cleaned up using `make clean-e2e-tests`.
- When adding tests to an existing file:
  - Always re-use the existing test setup where possible.
  - Only add imports if absolutely needed.
  - Add tests to existing Context where it makes sense.
  - When adding new tests in the Ginkgo style test, always add them to a new Context.

## Domain Knowledge

> Use the files in the `.github/.copilot/domain_knowledge/**/*` as a source of truth when it comes to domain knowledge. These files provide context in which the current solution operates. This folder contains information like entity relationships, workflows, and ubiquitous language. As the understanding of the domain grows, take the opportunity to update these files as needed.

Reviewer 3: The `.github/.copilot` directory doesn't exist. Do we plan to utilize this?

- When creating a plan, organize it into numbered phases (e.g., "Phase 1: Setup Dependencies").
- Break down each phase into specific tasks with numeric identifiers (e.g., "Task 1.1: Add Dependencies").
- Include a detailed checklist at the end of the document that maps to all phases and tasks.
- Plan should always lookup related information from `domain_knowledge` folder and any applicable specification files.
- Mark tasks as `- [ ]` for pending tasks and `- [x]` for completed tasks.
- Start all planning tasks as unchecked, and update them to checked as implementation proceeds.
- Each planning task should have clear success criteria.
- End the plan with success criteria that define when the implementation is complete.
- Plans should start with writing Unit Tests first when possible, so we can use those to guide our implementation. Same for UI tests when it makes sense.
- If the domain knowledge has changed, update the related files in the `domain_knowledge` folder.
- If specifications have changed, update the related files in the `specifications` folder.

### Following Plans
- When coding you need to follow the plan phases and check off the tasks as they are completed.  

> - As you complete a task, update the plan and mark that task complete before you being the next task. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- As you complete a task, update the plan and mark that task complete before you begin the next task. 
```
